Honey LoveAPP Privacy Policy

Effective date: July 22, 2024

Your trust is very important to us, and we (hereinafter referred to as "Honey Love") are well aware of the importance of personal information to you (hereinafter referred to as "user"). We will take corresponding security measures in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and do our best to protect the security and controllability of your personal information. Before you start using our products/services, please carefully read and understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to ensure that you fully understand and agree before starting to use. Once you use or continue to use our products/services, it means that you agree to our processing of your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy.


Through this Privacy Policy, you can mainly understand the following content:

 

 

• Definition and Explanation

How do we collect and use your personal information

How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information

How do we use cookies

How do we store and protect your personal information

Your personal information rights and account cancellation

How do we handle the personal information of minors

How to update this Privacy Policy

How to contact us

1、 Definition and Explanation

 

1. Honey Love: The term "Honey Love" referred to in this policy refers to all companies under Honey Love and their affiliated and related companies. Honey Love's products include but are not limited to Honey Love web version (www.huiyouapp. com), Honey LoveApp, and Honey Love mini program;

 

 

 

2. Personal information: refers to various information recorded in electronic or other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, including but not limited to name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, transaction information, etc.

 

 

3. Personal sensitive information: Refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment, including but not limited to ID numbers, personal biometric information, bank accounts, property information, whereabouts, transaction information, and other personal information (we will prominently identify relevant provisions related to personal sensitive information in this Privacy Policy).

 

 

 

2、 How do we collect and use your personal information

 

When you use our products/services, you need/can choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information in the following two scenarios:

 

Firstly, basic functions. In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you need to authorize us to collect and use necessary personal information. If you do not provide such necessary information, you will not be able to use (or continue to use) our products/services normally;

 

Secondly, additional functions. In order to optimize your user experience, we will provide you with additional features of Honey Love products/services, and you can choose whether to authorize us to collect and use your personal information. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use (or continue to use) the corresponding additional features of our product/service, but you can still continue to use the basic features.

 

（1） You need to authorize us to collect and use personal information in certain scenarios

 

In order to achieve the following basic functions of Honey Love products/services, we will collect and use your personal information as follows:

1. Help you become our registered user

To comply with legal and regulatory requirements for real name authentication, when you become a registered user of Honey Love, you need to provide your phone number, phone verification code, intended username, and password for creating an account. You can also independently improve your user profile by uploading an avatar, filling in your date of birth, gender, location, detailed address, contact name, contact phone number, industry, employer, and position, etc., to facilitate more users to understand you.

2. Show you service information

During your use of Honey Love products/services, in order to identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, provide you with page displays and search results that better meet your needs, and send important message reminders, we may automatically collect your usage information and store it as network log information, including:

(1) Device Information: We will receive and record device related information (including device model, operating system version, device settings, IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment and other software and hardware feature information), device location related information (including Lbs, GPS location information, WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor information) based on your specific operation when using the product. When you use navigation function in Honey Love products/services, we will obtain your mobile application list information for you to choose different navigation applications.

(2) Service log information: When we provide you with products/services, we automatically collect detailed usage information of our services as service logs, including browsing, search queries, monitoring of enterprises, headline follow, invoice header, enterprise service transactions and after-sales records, service progress, store favorites and follow, published information, as well as IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language of use, access date and time.

To provide you with customized services and make it easier for you to see personalized information, we will use your service log information to push you information that interests you (such as changes in the information of the companies you monitor, changes in the Q&A content of the companies you browse).

In order to make it easier for you to see the progress of the service and ensure the security of your account, we will push you notifications such as order progress notifications, refund progress notifications, and account security notifications.

 

In order to provide you with a better understanding of our products/services, you acknowledge and agree that we may use your contact information to send you notifications, push notifications, introduce new products/services, inquire about your service needs, or provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. The above message notification allows you to choose whether to disable the push function or reply to unsubscribe according to the SMS prompt on your personal homepage, or you can directly contact us to unsubscribe.

 

3. Assist you in submitting and managing orders

(1) When you order products, services, etc. on Honey Love.

(2) We will generate an order for you to purchase the value-added service through the system, and the order will include information about the service you have ordered, the specific order number, the time the order was created, and the amount you paid. We collect this information to help you complete the transaction smoothly, ensure your transaction security, check order information, provide customer service and after-sales service, and other purposes that we have explicitly stated.

(3) We may push key order information to your mobile phone number via SMS, so that you can keep track of the progress of your order in a timely manner.

(4) If you need a paper invoice, you need to provide your invoicing unit name, taxpayer identification number, registered address, registered telephone number, bank basic account number, and bank account opening bank; In addition, in order to mail you invoices or other documents, you are required to fill in the recipient's name, address, and contact phone number for the purpose of completing the express delivery.

4. Help you complete the payment

To complete the payment of value-added service orders, you need to provide your payment platform account and select the payment method. We will share your username, corresponding payment platform account name, order payment related information, order security related device information, and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws with the payment platform through SDK embedded in the application. The aforementioned payment platform will obtain your network connection permission, mobile information permission, and access to network and wifi status.

 

（3） Other rules for collecting and using personal information

 

If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information.

If we use the information for other purposes not specified in this privacy policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will separately seek your authorization and consent.

According to relevant laws and regulations, we do not require your authorization or consent to collect and use your personal information in the following situations:

(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;

(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;

(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;

(5) For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;

 

(6) The personal information involved is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public on their own;

(7) Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;

(8) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;

(9) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as discovering and handling product or service failures;

(10) The personal information controller is a news organization and is necessary for conducting legitimate news reporting;

(11) The personal information controller is an academic research institution that conducts statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when it provides results of academic research or descriptions to the outside world, it de identifies the personal information contained in the results;

 

(12) Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory policies.

Please note that information that alone or in combination with other information cannot identify your identity or establish direct contact with you is not considered personal information. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person's identity, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will anonymize this type of information.

3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information

（1） Sharing

 

 

We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of Honey Love, except in the following circumstances:

(1) We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution needs, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law, but such sharing will be kept to a minimum.

(2) After you give your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with third parties that you have agreed to.

(3) When you use Honey Love products/services, some of our features/services may require the use of SDKs provided by authorized partners to assist, or certain services may be provided directly by authorized partner SDKs. We will only share your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this privacy policy. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purpose.

 

SDK providers collect and process information in accordance with their own privacy policies, but we will also review the business access qualifications of the partner and require them to have legal compliance and security. We will work together to implement comprehensive mechanisms to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When you click to agree to this privacy policy, it is deemed that you authorize our partners to obtain and process your permissions and information in accordance with the above provisions.

（2） Transfer

 

We will not transfer your personal information to any third party without your prior explicit consent. If any user engages in the above activities, once discovered, we will immediately terminate the service agreement with the user and pursue their legal responsibilities.

Exception:

(1) After obtaining your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice, we may transfer your personal information to other parties;

(2) In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation of Honey Love, or any other situation involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company, organization or individual to seek your authorization and consent again.

（3） Public disclosure

 

Honey Love values the security and protection of personal information, and we may only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with security measures that comply with industry standards:

(1) After obtaining your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice, we may disclose your personal information.

(2) In accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required types and disclosure methods. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters.

（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information

 

 

In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:

(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;

(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;

(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

 

(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;

(5) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;

(6) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;

(7) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.

According to legal regulations, if we share, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensure that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the personal information subject, we will not need to notify you separately and obtain your consent for the processing of such data.

4、 How do we use cookies

(1) To ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with a more convenient access experience and more thoughtful personalized services, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device, usually containing identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies will call upon your information when you visit our website in the future, to simplify the steps of repeated login, help us remember your device and service preferences, etc. The cookies sent to you by each website are unique and can only be read by the web server that sent you the cookies.

(2) When allowed by your browser or browser add-on services, you can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. But if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, in certain situations, it may affect your secure access to our website and may result in changing your user settings every time you visit our website.

5、 How do we store and protect your personal information

 

（1） Storage of personal information

 

1. Storage location: Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations, your personal information will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China.

 

2. Storage period: Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations or agreed upon by both parties, we will only retain your relevant personal information for the shortest period of time necessary to achieve the purpose. When you voluntarily cancel your account, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it as soon as possible in accordance with legal requirements.

3. Termination of operation: In the event of termination of operation or other circumstances, we will notify you at least three months in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after termination of operation.

 

（2） Protection of Personal Information

 

We have implemented industry standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, and loss. We will strive to take various reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information, including but not limited to:

(1) We have clear division of powers and established access control mechanisms to limit personnel who have access to personal information to the minimum necessary scope.

(2) We also use encryption technology to improve the security of personal information. For sensitive personal information, we will transmit it through HTTPS encryption protocol, and your password will be additionally encrypted during storage.

(3) We have a data security management system that meets industry standards, and currently our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection.

(4) The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords in a secure way to help us ensure the security of your account. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact us immediately using the contact information provided in this policy so that we can take appropriate measures. We will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us, but if our physical, technical, or management protective facilities are compromised, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable remedial measures to minimize the impact on your personal information and other rights.

(5) After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will inform you of the following information in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.

 

6、 Your personal information rights and account cancellation

According to relevant laws and regulations, we guarantee that you have the following rights to your personal information:

 

（1） You have the right to access your personal information

 

(1) When using the Honey Love web app, you can click on the link button for your username in the upper right corner of the page to search;

(2) When using Honey LoveApp, you can go to the "Personal Page" to search;

（2） You have the right to correct your personal information

 

When you need to correct your personal information, you can log in to the Honey LoveApp, go to the "My - Correction" page to make corrections at any time, or go to the top right corner of the webpage, click on your username link button and modify it on the redirect page. You can submit a correction request to us according to the contact information stated in this Privacy Policy.

（3） You have the right to delete your personal information

 

In the following situations, you can delete some of your personal information by entering the "Personal Page" in Honey LoveApp, or go to the upper right corner of the webpage, click on your username link button and delete it on the pop-up page; For information that cannot be deleted, you can apply to us to delete your personal information using the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy.

(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;

(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;

(3) If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;

(4) If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy;

(5) If we no longer provide you with products or services.

When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.

（4） You have the right to change the scope of your authorized consent

 

If you wish to change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information, you can contact Honey Love customer service or change your mobile device settings to give or revoke your authorization consent. After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent should not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.

（5） You have the right to cancel your account

 
